hi YouTube so this is G Dragon and he's
from a kpop coupe called Big Bang I was
inspired by this shirt that he was
wearing and I decided to make a pastel
leopard print and this is what I came up
with normally I use my ring finger for
an accent color but I forgot and I
painted it green so then I had to settle
for using my index finger as my accent
color and I'm just taping off random
triangles across the nails and painting
two coats of light to looks nice and
opaque um I like to keep the triangles
different on each nail because it makes
it look a bit more abstract and I guess
a bit more wild
you
after you remove the tape go in with a
toothpick or I'm using an orange stick
to create your own leopard pattern you
can be really random with this and just
consist of a bunch of see shapes and
backwards see shapes and brackets and
random spots
I
next go in with the color that you
originally painted an outlet and fill in
some of the bracket shapes
now i'm just using a silver glitter
striper to outline my pattern and i'm
also extending the line all the way
across so that it gives a nice circline
effect
step is to seal in your design with a
top coat and you're done thank you for
watching and I hope you enjoyed this
divine